c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Bird0.xnb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SleepyBird.exe
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SleepyBird.pdb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\obj\x86\Debug\SleepyBird.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\obj\x86\Debug\SleepyBird.exe
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\obj\x86\Debug\SleepyBird.pdb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Bird1.xnb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Bird2.xnb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\CapBottom.xnb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\CapTop.xnb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\City.xnb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Clouds.xnb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\GameOver.xnb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\GetReady.xnb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Instructions.xnb
c:\users\charliejdunn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Trees.xnb
C:\Users\CharlieJDunn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SleepyBird\SleepyBird\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\ship.xnb
